When we feed a set of features into a model,
how do we determine which ones are important to the predictions of the model?
In other words, what is the feature importance?
In tree-based models such as random forest,
scikit-learn calculates the feature importance of
each feature by measuring the amount of impurity in
the samples of a node and comparing it to the impurity of
its child nodes after splitting on the feature.
Since the goal of splitting on a feature is to reduce the impurity of the set of samples,
if a feature can reduce the impurity of each sub sample, after splitting,
this is a measure of how important that feature is in the decision-making of the model.